>> New documentary.
>> So much more to an aquafit
class than meets the eye.
>> It's not only the
body, but it's the soul.
>> This week on Gaia.
>> On Dragonfly
enLightning Talks.
>> You don't have to change
everything to change everything,
you just have to take
that first small step.
>> On Cosmic Disclosure.
>> Humans are not the only
species inhabiting planet Earth.
There's another species living
deep down in the ground.
>> On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith.
>> What connected each one of
these traditions is that they
don't always believe in the same
God, but they believe in Angels.
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> Our soul is
inherently spiritual.
It kind of gets cloaked
in the physical material.
And in a sense, we have to
rediscover that spiritual core
again.
>> Only on Gaia.